add secrets management docs (#1064)
checkly/docs.checklyhq.com: site/content/docs/browser-checks/variables.md

---

> title: Environment variables and Secrets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Environment variables and secrets
```

> title: Environment variables and secrets

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Variables and secrets
```

When creating browser checks, you probably run some code locally, store it in a Git repo or copy and paste it around
a bit. This means the credentials in the script are at risk of being exposed.

> You should therefore **replace any confidential data in your check scripts with environment variables or secrets.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should therefore **replace any confidential data in your check scripts with variables or secrets.**
```

> ## Variables and Secrets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Variables and secrets
```

> There are two ways to store configuration information in Checkly: Environment variables and secrets. Both variables and secrets are encrypted at rest and in flight.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two ways to store configuration information in Checkly: variables and secrets. Both variables and secrets are encrypted at rest and in flight.
```

Should this be a shared snippet? 🤔

Author: Good point, moved to snippet.

> - **Environment variables** are used to store non-sensitive information. Variables are shown in plaintext when being edited, on the check result page and in logs. Variables can be accessed via the CLI and API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Variables** are used to store non-sensitive information. Variables are shown in plaintext when being edited, on the check result page and in logs. Variables can be accessed via the CLI and API.
```

> - **Environment secrets** allow you to store sensitive data for use in checks. Once saved secrets are never shown in the UI or in logs. The secret value cannot be accessed via the CLI or API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Secrets** allow you to store sensitive data for use in checks. Once saved secrets are never shown in the UI or in logs. The secret value cannot be accessed via the CLI or API.
```

From here on, in this document, we refer to both variables and secrets as 'variables' for ease of reading, unless explicitly mentioned.

## Managing variables

> You can create environment variables at three hierarchical levels:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can create variables at three hierarchical levels:
```

- **Check** level - Browser and multistep check supported.
- **Group** level - API, browser and multistep check supported.
- **Global** level - API, browser and multistep check supported.

> Check variables are added on the **Variables** tab for each browser and multistep check.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add variables specific to a Check variables on the **Variables** tab for each browser and multistep check.
```

## Accessing variables

> Check, group and global environment variables are accessible in your code using the standard Node.js `process.env.MY_VAR` notation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check, group and global variables are accessible in your code using the standard Node.js `process.env.MY_VAR` notation.
```
